# API and extensibility SIG meeting minutes

## 03-October-2024

### Attendees

- @radwo 
- @hamir-suspect 
- @darkofabijan 
- @lucaspin
- @DamjanBecirovic 
- @lucianoliberti 

### Agenda

- Review the proposed changes to existing endpoints
- Review the proposed changes to API Design Gudeline
- Discuss any open questions

### Notes
 
To be added by @radwo after the meeting.